threat emulation methodologies 
 mitre att&ck
 this matrix usually visually represents attacker'stechniques to accomplish a specific objective.
 #Atomic testing
This is a library of emulation tests developed and curated by red canary that can be executed to test security defenses within an organisation. The framework provides a mechanism for learning what malicious activities looks like and provide telemetry from every tests to facilitate defence improvement
the atomics are mapped into the MITRE ATT&CK framework , providing pivot between threat profiles and emulations.
#TIBER-EU Framework 
the threat inteligence-based ethical red teaming is the european framework developed to deliver controlled ,bespoke , intelligence-led emulation testing and organisation's critical live production systems.it  is meant to provide guidance for stakeholders to test and improve cyber resilience through controlled adversary actions .

     #Preparation Phase
     #Testing Phase
     #Closure Phase

#CTID adversary emulation library 
The center for threat-informed defense is a non-profit research and development organisation operated by MITRE engenuity . its mission is to promote  the practice of threat-informed defence . the library provides users with two approaches 
  #full emulation
  #Micro emulation





#THREAT EMULATION PROCESS
 1 Defining emulation Objectives 
 2.Research Adversary TTPs
    2.1 Information Gathering
    2.2 Select The Emulated Adversary
        . Relevance- align the adversary with the objectives and company's goal
        . Available CTI - ensure you have enough resources around the TTPs
        . TTP Complexity-executing a fruitful emulation plan for complex adversaries  who uses sophisticated tools and proceedures may take a long time hence you need to ensure the existing tools can handle the emulation or whether custom ones are required.
        . Available Resources-these are in-house resources that must be provisioned for a smooth operation.
   2.3 Select The Emulated TTPs
      this aims to accurately model the behaviour of the target adversary so that excercise can be conducted realisticaly and practically
   2.4 Construct TTP Outline
      This aims to construct a follow up threat emulation activities .




#Planning the Threat Emulation Engagement
Threat emulation plans
    .engagement objectives
    .scope
    .schedule
    .Rules of engagement
    .permision to execute
    .communication plan



#Conducting the Emulation
   . Planning the deployment
   .Implementation of TTP 
   .Detection & Mitigations

